refactor: rename all instances of `maxRealtimeDistance` to `maxWorstCaseDistance` (#1415)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/usage/api.mdx

> #### Verification endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Simplified Monitoring API
```

> For improved developer experience, you may want to use `GET /amirealtime`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplified monitoring, you may want to use `GET /amirealtime`
```
